The datasets includes information on various crime incidents, providing details such as occurrence date, time, location, crime type, and demographic information about victims. Despite some discrepancies and missing location fields, the dataset offers valuable insights into the changing crime landscape during and post-lockdown.
The project relies on seven datasets to support its data visualization.
1.	The primary dataset for the project "Crime Data from 2020 to Present" is available on the Kaggle website : Crime Data from 2020 to Present | Los Angeles - Open Data Portal (lacity.org).Our Primary dataset has 798243 records. This dataset reflects incidents of crime in the City of Los Angeles dating back to 2020. This data is transcribed from original crime reports that are typed on paper and therefore there may be some inaccuracies within the data. Some location fields with missing data are noted as (0°, 0°). Address fields are only provided to the nearest hundred block in order to maintain privacy. This data is as accurate as the data in the database. Please note questions or concerns in the comments. It has the following attributes- 
DR_NO, Date Rptd, DATE OCC occurrence date, TIME OCC, AREA, AREA NAME, Rpt Dist. No, Part 1-2, Crm Cd, Crm Cd Desc, MO codes, Vict Age, Vict Sex, Vict Descent, Premis Cd, Premis Desc, Weapon Used Cd, Weapon Desc, Status, Status Desc, Crm Cd 1, Crm Cd 2, Crm Cd 3, Crm Cd 4, LOCATION, Cross Street, LAT, LON. Among which we are mainly using  Crm Cd Desc: type of crime, DATE OCC:  occurrence date of crime,   count of “Crm Cd Desc” generated by tableau.
2.	Our second dataset “Prison data” is available in the website: Custody Division 2015 Year End Report (lasd.org).  A total of 220,012 arrests were made in 2020 as opposed to 303,363 arrests in 2019, and 56,651 of those arrests were booked into the jail system this year as opposed to 103,839 last year. Eighty-nine percent of the inmate population was male. The age group of 18 to 34 made up the largest portion of the population overall, accounting for 57% of the breakdown. We made use of the comprehensive month-by-month inmate count information available in this Los Angeles County report.
3.	Our third dataset “Covid Cases” is available in the website : Daily COVID-19 Cases and Deaths in Los Angeles County (laalmanac.com). We used the month wise covid cases data in the years 2020-2023 from this website. The Los Angeles County Department of Public Health's daily briefings provided the numbers in the table on the website. Data from the independent public health organizations in Pasadena and Long Beach were included in these reports. There are times when the numbers just don't seem to add up. Public health agencies' daily reports could be modified in response to evolving findings from ongoing investigations (e.g., a death initially reported as directly related to COVID-19 that was later found not to be).
4.	Our fourth dataset “Unemployment” is available in the website Unemployment Rate in Los Angeles County, CA (CALOSA7URN) | FRED | St. Louis Fed (stlouisfed.org).
The Current Population Survey (CPS), commonly referred to as the household survey, is the source of these data. The term "Civilian Labor Force" refers to all individuals in the non-institutional civilian population who are 16 years of age or older and are either employed or unemployed. The percentage of the civilian labor force that is unemployed is known as the unemployment rate (100 times the unemployed/civilian labor force). The Units that are used here is Percent, Not Seasonally Adjusted whereas we used monthly frequency
5.	Our fifth dataset “Child Abuse” is available in the website Stuck at Home, Separated from Teachers, Children May Have Faced More Severe Abuse During Pandemic, Research Suggests – The 74 (the74million.org). In order to compare the trends between March and December 2020 and those of the same period in 2019, Quas used two sets of data in this report: monthly reports of suspected child maltreatment from the county's social services agency and records of medical evaluations at a local child abuse clinic. Though their research is still being reviewed, so the numbers should be interpreted with caution. They show that the number of abuse reports decreased in the spring (33.2%), summer (13.1%), and fall (24.5%).
6.	Our sixth dataset “School Enrollment” is available in the website EdData - County Summary - Los Angeles (ed-data.org). This is the Los Angeles county-wide summary profile page and includes summaries statistics for all school districts in the county. 
7.	Our seventh dataset “Inflation” is available in the website Los Angeles inflation rate 2022 | Statista. This data gives the Consumer Price Index for Urban Consumers (CPI-U) in the Los Angeles region: December 2019–December 2022 inflation rate.
